Tenace Express product with you welcome
to to this Express rocket review my name
is Arman today's future rocket is a
babble lecture drive 107 GT the head
size on this rocket is 107 square inch
head size the length on the racket is 27
inches long the strong weight on the
rack is ten point three ounces it's in
the medium weight the being width on the
racket is 22 millimeters so it's it's
it's medium it's it's a tweener racket
and the string pattern on the rocket it
is sixteen by nineteen so it has a
pretty good open string powder for lots
of topspin on your shots the power level
is moderate to low so it's in the middle
it gives you probably even control in
power and the swing speed is four
players with a medium swing swing start
the technologies on the rack it is the
cortex technology they've implemented
which is going to help you reduce the
shock to have the Wolfer system on the
grommets which is going to help you with
a lot more topspin on your shots and the
new GT technology which is a new hybrid
material they've added into the frame
which is supposed to make the racket a
lot more stable and better feel let's
see how I did on court yeah well this
racket the pure drive 107 it definitely
helped me generate a little bit more
topspin and a little bit more power
around my shots with a bigger head size
in the bigger sweet spot it's a tweener
frame so it helps it helps you both
pretty good control and at the same time
power as you can see here and just
stepping into my four hands I was able
to get good topspin with a Wolfer system
that they have and the cortex technology
that's in the racket it definitely helps
Jen to lessen the shock a little bit so
it's a little bit less vibration on your
arm so you're able to you know hit
through the ball
in trouble and you're stepping into this
back and I'm able to just control a deep
and roll the deep and keep my opponent
in defense and I stepping in for an
approach shot over here on volleys it
felt pretty good
107 head size gave me a little bit more
power and a bigger head size of course
and it was easier to maneuver around
court it wasn't on volleys it wasn't too
bad
well unser I feel like it gave me a
pretty good spin with a bigger head size
I would recommend this racquet probably
for a 3.0 it's a 5.0 level player for
someone that needs a little bit bigger
sweet spot a little bit bigger head size
well those were my thoughts about the
racket let's get a second opinion Sam
what do you think about the frame hey
Armand yeah I really liked this racket
the pure drive GT 107 with the GT
technology in the frame really felt like
it gave me a lot of added comfort and
feel and with a core tech system in the
throat it absorbed a lot more shock and
was very easy on my arm on court I felt
that the 107 head size and it was a
little bit thicker beam gave me a little
bit larger sweet spot and a little bit
more power on court good for getting the
ball deep this is kind of a tweener
racket right in the middle of power and
control
so I mean it'd be good for players with
long swings long slow swings or if you
have a short fast game style you'd be
able to adjust to this racket also
recommended for a level player anywhere
between three point five and five Oh
level is an all-around racket all around
no complaints on my ground stroke
I'm giving Grace and the cortex system
helped absorb shock I made it very
comfortable to hit with here on the
approach shot no problem getting a deep
and coming up for these volleys and I
felt like a really good feel very good
depth on the core with the racket and
it's all around no complaints - good
crisp feel on all my volleys here on
serve I felt that with the 107 head size
can have slightly larger sweet spot
generated more pop on my serve so those
are my thoughts on the pure drive 107 GT
you'd like to try this racket out or any
other racket just visit us at tennis
Express calm or we have the largest
selection of demo tennis rackets
available see you next time